You want to divorce me?
Because he's right.
Divorce I've been married to you for 5 years and I'm fed up
I will soon be a Skynet superstar in the Chinese music world
Not worthy of you
Only Tiantian can help my noble
To help me rise to the top
This is Haochen and the No. 1 wealthy family in the entertainment industry
Economic contracts for media companies under the Shen family
Haochen in the future
He is a superstar
You are a street stall selling singing
Can't you afford it?
Husband, this contract is mine
Don't shut up
Sometimes you are not allowed to call me husband
Yao Chen, I signed this contract for you
Pardon me?
All the time
I am afraid that you will feel inferior because of my high status
So hide your identity
Next to you
Can you start a concert so soon without me?
Did you get the contract from the Shen family?
I'm dying of laughter.
Haochen's contract
It was the Shen family who owed it for my face
What does it have to do with you?
Your face
Yeah, who are you?
The year before last was a person who even begged for cooperation in disasters
His dignity you can't imagine
Only today
It's all in Tingting's palace
Yuan Haochen
Really blind
He is a liar
I was blind to marry you
Fortunately, I met Tingting
Everything I have today is yours
You are not only my noble
Still my favorite
Here's 500,000 as compensation for your divorce
Get to know each other and sign the divorce agreement quickly
Take it now
500,000? You're happy
How much do you have to settle?
It certainly is.
You don't deserve it now
You are shameless